all right let's turn our attention to
the weather yep Mike Peterson is in the
natatorium this morning three beautiful
new pools I was very sad but you got in
the water enough huh come here I'll get
you oh it's dangerous in here all right
so I did take the company cellphone off
before I got any ah now you learn how to
splash me with the top of their heads
all right I'm gonna come over here these
girls are killers all right then sit up
there's enough I don't have my swim
trunks on all right take a look at the
forecast
it is about fun it is about kids in
drunken broadcasting live from the Y
giving you this exclusive look on what's
out there for the community this is Jeff
the aquatics director for the Y now want
to talk a little bit about some of the
special apparatus because this is the
the therapy pool and it is of so much
help to so many people yes we've
designed this we're going to have rehab
classes water exercise classes low and
non impact types of classes anybody
that's looking to get back into shape
needs to rehab an injury has any kind of
health issues Jeff go ahead and let's
demonstrate Derek is going to be our
deal staff here is going to go ahead and
this is our new portable lift and we can
actually use it in any of our pools so
this is how we'll also get people who
may need a little extra help getting
into the pool and out of the pool so
we're trying to make this as accessible
as we can for anybody water aerobics
water workouts are so easy on the joints
and it's such a benefit to those and for
those who have had heart problems
you know that your first initial workout
sorry I hope everyone's having a great
day you can see that a lot of people
start their day with exercise gets the
blood flowing and we have the very
wonderful make cotton that is leading
the class in the therapy pool which
what's she doing today we've got just a
basic traditional water exercise class
going on right now it's a little more
high-energy they try and get their heart
rate up and get the the body moving and
they'll do a little bit of stretching
and they'll warm up you know there
arms and the legs get that heart rate up
for those people who do work out and
have knee problems or even shoulder
issues that this therapy pool allows
that water to take some of that bounce
out and they still get a full workout
fantastic way to get a great workout
with lower non-impact on all the joints
so it's really easy it's good for the
joints especially those knees and hips
if you're rehabbing or have issues with
that now on the other side of this if
you want to get a real good workout in
the lap pool Karen who's training for
the Ironman competition yep
had the paddles on her hands for more
resistance to build up the shoulder
muscles because she's got to swim a
little farther than what this good yeah
she'll be a swimming quite a bit farther
than the length of our pool but she's
been in the water for about an hour and
15 minutes already so that's about hour
and 15 hour and 30s usual workout all
right yeah that's eighty eighty laughs
all right we hope you're enjoying our
exclusive tour of the new Y we'll have
more right here on Good Morning
Northwest